Questions:
• What will be the output when running the above code?

    Meow.I am a cat. My name is Kurre.
    Woof.I am a dog. My name is Vilma.
    Meow.I am a cat. My name is Bamse.
    
• What is meant by polymorphism ?

  Polymorphism is the ability of any data to be processed in more than one form
  Its also a property through which any message can be sent to objects of multiple classes, 
  and every object has the tendency to respond in an appropriate way depending on the class properties.

• How does polymorphism work in the above program?

  An animals at the same time can have different roles to play in life. Like a cat at the name is Kurre, Basme, and others. while dog is  
  So the same animals has to have many features but has to implement each as per the situation and the condition.
  
• The method introduceYourself of Animal appears to be never called? Why not?

  cause its overriding
  
• Comment out the method introduceYourself in Dog. What happens now when you run the program?

   Woof.I am a dog. My name is Vilma. 
   
• Where is the name stored for the instances of Cat and Dog? 
(In what / which classes did you put the instance variable that refers to the name of the animal? Both Cat and Dog, or just in Animal?)

  i put the name stored in both class which is cat and dog for instances of them.
  
• How does the code in the test program work?

  First, it made an array called animals and set the array size to 3.
  second,fill the array wuth calling dog and cat classes with their name in the constructer.
  then, initialize integer i as zero.
  when i is less than the length of animals array. it will call the method in introduceYourself() in each Animals child class array. then, Add +1 to i.
  next, repeat until value of i is greater than the length of the animals array then stop.
  
• How does an array work?

  when i is less than the length of animals array. it will call the method in introduceYourself() in each Animals child class array. then, Add +1 to i.
  next, repeat until value of i is greater than the length of the animals array then stop.
  
• In the above programs we have used a while loop to step through the array and to get information about the animals.
But there is a more appropriate loop statement here.What is it?

  for loop 
    for(int i=0; i<animals.length; i++);
  
